Sure. No worries. Oh, look, I gotta go. The cavalry just turned
up. OK, bye. Corporal, what can I do for you?
Listen, Jerry, you gotta get rid of that stuff. It's making me nervous.
I'm not into drugs, and I don't...
Chill the fuck out, my friend. You're really getting on my nerves.
Besides, who are you going to get in trouble with?
I'm your superior officer...
And you told me you needed the money.
I do need the money...
Uh-huh! But you don't like drugs?
I don't think they're a good scene.
Me neither.
But you like guns, huh? They don't give you a moral problem I mean?
No.
Good, cause I know a guy who can sell all the guns
we can get him. Which is, trust me, quite a lot.
I don't know Sergeant, this is getting heavy.
You'll make a whole pile of cash, for nothing.
Buy that sick brother of yours a whole lot of candy.
What do I have to do?
Nothing. Just go and pick up the money from him.
He's down over by the docks.
Hey Vic! You want some of this, huh?
You must be Vic. Jerry told me about you.
Hey. I used to be in the service...
Yeah, listen, he said you'd have some money for me.
Sure. Sure...
Well, I ain't a bank... I don't have it
on me. But I'll take you to it.
I've been having trouble with them Cholo boys.
Some of them have been...
What the hell is a Cholo?
Bunch of Mexican Gang-bangers. Bad boys,
trying to take over all the gun running in town.
Look. Where's the money Phil?
Yeah, well, funny thing, you see, it's like this...
It's under the floorboards at my old place.
But the Cholo evicted me and now I can't get to it.
I'll get to it.
See you around.
What the fuck is this?
Cholo kill you good, pendejó.